my recipe today is dedicated to all
those people out there who are health
conscious and want a protein-rich diet
and vegetarian too so today I am going
to be making soya bean curry and for
that let's start with the gravy base and
forget gravy base I am going to be using
1 chopped onion 3 4 small pieces of
ginger and 3/4 pieces of garbage my
onions ginger and garlic are in and I am
going to make a paste out of them so my
onion ginger and garlic paste is ready
and we are going to fry it you can also
add green chillies if you wanted to have
that extra kick so before we fry it
let's heat our human feet so I have hot
oil here in the pan about two
tablespoons and I'm going to add cumin
seeds 1 TSP and 1 TSP of mustard seeds
and now we will add
[Music]
and we will also add our spices so salt
according to the taste I'm adding two
teaspoons holding that turmeric powder 1
teaspoon and some red chilli powder as
per taste I'm adding about one teaspoon
and we will fry this onions has been
fine for about five minutes so now the
drol flavor of ginger and garlic has
gone you can say speed that we face is
reduced to half and oil has started to
separate which means that my mixture is
ready and I'm going to add one
tablespoon of China powder that is
chickpea flour or besan and I'm going to
mix it well and also I will add at this
time one tablespoon of tomato paste and
again we will mix it with our base here
on in base and we will add our soya
beans now now my soybeans has been
cooking in water overnight so they are
not going to take in a lot of water
their boil after soaking them in water
overnight I had poured them
so my curry will be very quickly now I'm
just gonna blend everything together mix
everything well and I'm going to add 1
glass of water so this is the water that
was left after boiling my beans so we
will add that and we let this simmer for
15 minutes and at that time we will add
our curry
Stalag and black pepper powder and
garnish it with some cilantro so we'll
cover it and simmer it for 15 all right
so it has been 20 minutes and my
beautiful so you have been curry is
ready as you can see I'm going to add
half a teaspoon of garam masala and also
we can add a little bit of black pepper
powder about 1/2 a teaspoon you can
garnish it with cilantro and enjoy